Hold a referendum to bring the water industry into public ownership. Hold a binding national referendum on whether the water industry should be returned to public ownership. Water is a basic human necessity; we believe our privatised system has failed, so the public should decide who owns and controls it.
Hold a UK-wide briefing on climate and nature risks. The UK faces growing risks from climate and nature breakdown - from extreme weather to economic disruption and national security threats. Yet the public has never been given a clear national briefing on the scale of these risks. Government should hold an emergency briefing from leading experts.
Change surrogacy law to recognise intended parents from birth. The law must change so intended parents in surrogacy arrangements are recognised as their child’s legal parents from birth. Families should not have to go through months of court proceedings and social worker visits to be recognised as the parents of a child they planned and love.
Support the Ceramics Industry and protect British manufacturing jobs and skills. Apply energy intensive industry relief (Supercharger scheme) to the ceramics industry to help cut soaring industrial energy costs & support ceramics businesses, which are at the risk of imminent collapse without urgent intervention, as seen with Denby Pottery registering for administration support.
Remove sentence reductions for guilty pleas in controlling and coercive cases. I want the Government to introduce legislation so that defendants charged with controlling or coercive behaviour cannot receive a sentencing reduction for a guilty plea entered after initially pleading not guilty. This should be known as Paris’s Law.
Raise the personal tax allowance to £18,000. Since 2021 personal tax allowance has been frozen at £12,570. This freeze was due to expire this year but the Chancellor of the Exchequer has extended it to 2031. We want to keep some more of our own money.
Protect legal right to support for children with SEND. I believe that the Government’s proposed SEND reforms could limit EHCPs, weaken legal rights, replace individual plans with packages, reduce appeals, and remove school choice. In my view, children could be left without the support they need as a result.
Launch a public inquiry into illegal migration in the UK. We call on the Government to launch a full-scale public inquiry into illegal migration in the UK. The inquiry should investigate the effectiveness of UK border control, the financial cost on taxpayers, and the deportation system.
End the mandatory fortification of white flour with folic acid immediately. We call on the Government to stop the fortification of flour with synthetic folic acid. Folic acid is a medicine not a food. We believe it is unethical to mass medicate the entire population without their knowledge or consent in the hope that a minority group of people might see a benefit.
Ban non-stun & recoverable stun slaughter of animals. Religious slaughter may require the animal to be slaughtered whilst alive, which is in line with their religious beliefs. In relation to this, stunning needs to be recoverable. Normal slaughter uses a bolt gun that renders the animal brain dead and unable to regain consciousness.
Provide lifelong vet care and financial support for retired service animals. We want the UK Government to create a national support scheme to provide lifelong veterinary care and financial assistance for retired service animals, including police dogs, military dogs, and police horses.
Make catapult attacks against animals a standalone criminal offence. Introduce legislation in England to make it a specific, standalone criminal offence to intentionally or recklessly use, discharge or attempt to discharge a catapult or slingshot at or towards any animal.
Make statutory maternity pay 90% of wage for first 12 weeks & minimum wage after. We believe mothers should never be forced back to work because maternity leave is unaffordable. UK SMP is among Europe’s least generous, falling to around 41% of minimum wage after 6 weeks. The Government should fix this and give mothers 12 weeks of Statutory Maternity Pay at 90% of their salary.
Ensure new sewage treatment infrastructure meets higher standards as in the EU. We urge the government to review the regulations for new sewage treatment infrastructure and introduce new legislation to ensure high international standards are met; to safeguard people’s health, better protect all water bodies and reduce damaging long term impacts.
Fund £20,000 a year (term time) wage for Teaching Assistants. Up Teaching Assistants' pay to a minimum of £20,000 a year (term time) to reflect the amount of work they do. It's not just displays and marking. It's challenging behaviour, teaching, marking, first aid, displays, emotional coaching and supporting children with SEN.
Introduce urgent moratorium on AI Data Centres and BESS outside AI Growth Zones. Introduce: (1) an immediate moratorium on planning approvals for BESS (Battery Energy Storage Systems) and Data Centres outside designated AI Growth Zones; (2) mandatory Rural Impact Assessments conducted at local level; and (3) mandatory comprehensive investigation into financing of all proposals.
Review the 2026 visa brake: Publish evidence & create transitional arrangements. Publish evidence & methodology for the 2026 visa brake, review the country and route list, and create transitional arrangements for applicants with confirmed university offers, scholarships, sponsored specialist roles, and women facing severe restrictions on education or work in their home countries
Require public bodies to achieve unqualified audit opinion before raising taxes. Require public bodies whose accounts cannot be certified with an unqualified opinion by auditors to be banned from increasing taxes or receiving a larger budget the following year.
Fund second stem cell transplants on NHS for relapse within 12 months. We want the UK Government to provide funding to the NHS so that patients with blood cancer who relapse within one year from their first transplant, and whose clinical team feel they would benefit from a second transplant, are not denied a potentially lifesaving transplant.
Review anti-discrimination laws to strengthen trans women & LGBTQ+ protections. Launch a review into strengthening legal protections and clearer enforcement against discrimination, harassment and exclusion of trans women and LGBTQ+ people in employment, education, healthcare, housing and public services, and requiring public bodies to follow consistent guidance.
Minimum State Pension should equal the National Minimum Wage for under 18s.. The National Living Wage age for 21+ is now £23,132 (35 hour week; 52 week year). Even the National Minimum Wage for under 18's is £14,560 (same basis). My full New State Pension is only £12,564 after working for a lifetime.
Disapprove the draft Equality Act 2010 guidance laid on 21 May 2026. I want the House of Commons to disapprove the Equality Act 2010: Draft Code of Practice for services, public functions and associations, 2026 laid on 21 May 2026.
Require asylum seekers & foreign criminals to be detained on remote UK islands. Require the offshore detention of asylum seekers and criminals who are foreign nationals on remote UK islands away from the general population whilst providing them with humanitarian aid and shelter. This could keep the UK population safe and reduce the taxpayer burden.
Set up a National Commission on Electoral Reform to review the electoral system. I ask the Government to set up a National Commission on Electoral Reform, as advocated by the All Party Parliamentary Group for Fair Elections. It should be an independent, time limited, expert led review to build consensus for changing the electoral system for the Westminster Parliament.
Codify rules for MPs' attendance in Parliament & their constituency in statute. Codify in statute clear and binding obligations for MPs on time spent in their constituency and in Parliament. We think that leaving it to convention unfortunately allows a minority to abuse the system.
Stop plans to use MoD sites for asylum seekers without full local consultation. Calling on the new Prime Minster and his Government to immediately withdraw plans to use MoD sites for asylum seeker accommodation without full, open and transparent consultation with the local communities and local representatives whose lives will be impacted most.
Make carbon monoxide alarms mandatory in all holiday accommodation. We ask the UK Government to introduce legislation requiring all holiday accommodation, including short-term lets and rentals, to install and maintain working carbon monoxide alarms, with mandatory regular safety checks and proper enforcement.
Public Vote Required on Overseas Aid Spending. We call on the Government to consult the British public and hold a vote before sending taxpayer money overseas. The people should decide whether funds are prioritised for foreign aid or invested in our own National Health Service, Armed Forces, and essential services at home.
Ban on sale of disposable BBQs. We want the Government to introduce a nationwide ban on the sale of single-use disposable barbecues. Disposable BBQs are increasingly linked to preventable wildfires, which poses a serious risk to public safety, wildlife, and emergency services. Also, disposable BBQs contribute to unnecessary waste
Stop taxing Longer Separation Allowance on British armed forces. We want the Government to stop taxing Longer Separation Allowance (LSA) which compensates British service personnel for unavoidable extended time away from their families due to deployments and training.
Raise Human Rights Issues in Azad Kashmir with the Government of Pakistan. We urge the UK Government to raise human rights concerns and communication restrictions in Azad Kashmir with the Government of Pakistan.
Permanent driving ban on intoxicated drivers guilty of causing death. I urge Parliament to take decisive action by implementing a lifetime driving ban on those guilty of driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs and killing innocent people while under influence. Other countries have set precedents by enforcing stringent penalties.
Pause housebuilding targets imposed on councils, review and identify local need. We ask the government to pause housebuilding targets and consult local communities to identify where substantial house building is needed, not where developers prefer to build. We worry about developers appealing rejected applications and councils and communities often having no funds for a defence.
Ban the sale and consumption of alcohol in House of Commons venues. I would like the House of Commons to ban the sale and consumption of alcohol within House of Commons venues on the Parliamentary estate.
Ensure fair and transparent faith security funding for all faith communities. Publish clear data on how faith security funding is allocated and ensure all communities can access it fairly. We think this should be done alongside improving transparency, outreach, and support so underrepresented groups, including Hindu community, can apply and receive appropriate protection.
Introduce same pension age for ambulance workers as for Police and Firefighters. Lower the pension age for ambulance service workers under the NHS scheme to 60, in line with the Police and Firefighters. Ambulance staff have the stresses and face the same dangers as police and fire fighters. They do not have the privilege of lower pension ages despite being front line workers.
Mandate standardised cancer training for all GPs in England. We ask the Government to mandate cancer training for all GPs in England, requiring all GPs to complete mandatory, standardised training on cancer red-flag symptoms, with formal assessment, regular revalidation, NHS England regulation, and GMC linkage to improve early diagnosis.
General election now – and always call one if a PM is replaced. In July 2024, Sir Keir Starmer was elected as Prime Minister. His Government introduced measures that weren't in the Labour Party's manifesto and he has resigned. We want an election now. If any PM resigns, their successor should have a mandate from the people and call an immediate General Election.
Introduce a national strategy to tackle the cat overpopulation and rescue crisis. This strategy should seek to expand affordable neutering, support overwhelmed rescue centres, strengthen responsible pet ownership education, and review measures to reduce irresponsible breeding and cat abandonment.
Mandatory suicide risk assessment for adolescents in hospital who express intent. Make full suicide risk assessments mandatory when a child in hospital care expresses intent to harm themselves. No child asking for help should be left without support.
Amend standards for PIP to clearly include type 1 diabetics. Type 1 diabetics do not usually qualify for PIP despite dealing with a dangerous condition 24 hours a day. We believe there is a general lack of understanding and education of Type 1 Diabetes which may affect PIP assessments.
Stop pilot scheme giving up to £40,000 to failed asylum seeker families. The UK government should stop its pilot scheme offering failed asylum seekers our hard earned money for them to leave the UK.
Ban balloon releases. I would like the Government to ban balloon releases due to the devastating impact, misery and suffering they can cause to marine life and other animals, including swallowing balloons, getting tangled in balloons, and dying a painful death as a result of this.
Ensure people whose parent had breast cancer under 45 can access genetic testing. Update NHS genetic testing eligibility so that people whose parent was diagnosed with breast cancer before age 45 can access inherited cancer gene testing if the affected parent is deceased or unavailable for testing.
Hold a referendum on abolishing the Scottish Parliament & Government. We call on the UK Government to legislate on holding a referendum in Scotland to decide whether the Scottish Parliament & Government should be abolished.
Add fish-eating birds to Schedule 2.1 of the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981. Amend Schedule 2.1 of the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 to list cormorants, goosanders and red-breasted mergansers that they may be managed, enabling proportionate control to protect inland fisheries and migratory fish populations where serious damage is evidenced.
Stop a single Minister having the final say on national infrastructure projects. Amend the Planning Act 2008 to end the system where one Minister makes final decisions on Nationally Significant Infrastructure Projects (NSIPs). We want this power transferred to an independent panel of experts or decided by a vote in Parliament ensuring transparent and collective decision-making.
Coeliac disease awareness training to be mandatory for all catering industries. Government must require all staff working in a catering service to be provided with basic coeliac disease awareness training, to ensure a set standard of understanding & awareness around the importance of meal preparation & food serving to a person with Coeliac disease including cross-contamination.
Require meat to be labelled if religiously slaughtered & stunned or not stunned. We want the Government to require all meat products to be clearly labelled to show whether the animal was religiously slaughtered (RS or NRS) and if the animal was stunned before slaughter or not-stunned before slaughter (SS or NSS).
Deport all foreign-born criminals & individuals on the terror watchlist. Deport all foreign-born criminals and individuals currently on the terror watchlist to their countries of origin with effect immediately.
